# Chatbot
final year project
Most importantly, implementing speech recognition is a difficult task in computer science. Many strategies and technologies are yet to be created, but there are several challenges to implementing them in real time. Many researches and strategies were applied during the development of the project but no any project had implemented the method of converting speech to text directly. As a result, we settled to complete the development of the project using audio classification. However, from this project of “KHEC Chatbot”, people can get benefit of communicating and placing queries with quick responses with an ease. The ultimate goal and aim of the project were to establish a platform to make it easier for getting relevant answers to their queries regarding college information. This KHEC Chatbot provides quick and instant answers to their queries regarding the college through text as well as voice commands. The project currently meets most of the users' queries and provides an answer in a few intervals of time with good accuracy.
There were several learning techniques to address these concerns. For the Chatbot system, this project employed the Sequential Algorithm. Undoubtedly, if the system is developed in an advanced form, this project has a lot of potential to fulfill the lack of the college’s inquiry system. Moreover, it can be used in other fields as well for making the Chatbots using the techniques applied in this project. Considering all those limitations and voids that this system was not able to fulfill, it now only can fulfill the functional requirements more than a good interface. 
